Now that everyone is here. Add your temper to it.
It's Mr. Liu Hua, please open the door and be respectful.
What is it? Mr. Xiaolu.
Why are you so curious when you talk?
Can I call you a big magnet? You must be calculated.
You will no longer be Mr. Xiaolu soon.
Liu Hua, not big head,
We haven't seen each other for a long time. Why do you need to buy this snack? It's not cheap anymore.
After all, I now own 30 shares of Youlushi Group,
It is still the largest holding of shares.
As long as I have one more day, Lu Hua,
It's just not ready yet.
Small wood on the outside creates a cloud viewing circle
It turns out that I want you, the hard sea god.
It's normal here though
A group and an alley
Have you heard?
Shares shared by two people
What will happen to me soon?
The main discussion of the board of directors today
I receive equity
Become another chairman
What followed was a series of changes
The two are also old shareholders who have joined the WTO level.
I got this rule today
Contacted my medical director Lu
There's nothing we can do
Stock prices these days
Water collection is too serious
You have to know that all our wealth is in it
Yes, the road is going to end
You can't drag everyone down to the courtyard together.